chore: add 0.6.0 examples to README.md (#441)
open-feature/js-sdk: packages/client/README.md

OpenFeature.setLogger(new MyLogger());
```

### Named clients:

You can have several clients, that can be referenced by a name.
Every client can have a different provider assigned. If no provider is assigned to a named client, the global default
provider is used.

```typescript
import { OpenFeature, ProviderEvents } from '@openfeature/web-sdk';

OpenFeature.setProvider(new YourProviderOfChoice())
OpenFeature.setProvider("client-1", new YourOtherProviderOfChoice())

// Uses YourProviderOfChoice (the default)
const unnamedClient = OpenFeature.getClient()

// Uses YourOtherProviderOfChoice as it is set explicitly
const client1 = OpenFeature.getClient("client-1")

// Uses YourProviderOfChoice as no provider is set
const client2 = OpenFeature.getClient("client-2")
```

### Events:

> Events allow to react to state changes in the provider or underlying flag management system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events provide a way to react to state changes in the provider or underlying flag management system.
```

You can listen to events of either the OpenFeature API or individual clients.

```typescript
import { OpenFeature, ProviderEvents } from '@openfeature/web-sdk';

// OpenFeature API
OpenFeature.addHandler(ProviderEvents.Ready, (eventDetails) => {
  console.log(`Ready event from: ${eventDetails.clientName}:`, eventDetails);
});

// Specific client
const client = OpenFeature.getClient();
client.addHandler(ProviderEvents.Error, async (eventDetails) => {
  console.log(`Error event from: ${eventDetails.clientName}:`, eventDetails);
});
```

> 

Reviewer: It may be worth adding a note stating that not all providers support all event types. What do you think @toddbaert?

Author: I would also add this. People only looking at this example may expect these events to be dispatched by any provider.

Added a sentence to that, not sure if this is good enough.
https://github.com/open-feature/js-sdk/pull/441/commits/7f35b8e07aaad0bec0e4983b98828bcef624f392

Reviewer: It looks like your change wasn't included in this branch. Was that intentional?

Author: Mh I can see it as part of the changes in the files and also see the changes listed🤔

Author: Or which change do you mean?

### Shutdown:

The OpenFeature API provides a close function to perform a cleanup of all providers attached to any client.

```typescript
import { OpenFeature, ProviderEvents } from '@openfeature/web-sdk';

> await OpenFeature.close()

Reviewer: Perhaps wrap this in a `onbeforeunload` event handler or something similar. It may be confusing to see the close method called directly like this. 🤷‍♂️

Author: Here we have the same problem as with the server sdk.
The onbeforeunload may be used to trigger the close, but as it also is only sync, it will propably not finish.
Not sure what to use here.
